Let's go out on the fishing boat.
but one day the staff involved fishing and
representing the wind there but good
to install a government that will give
very large fishery a little
structure but well lenny mention six
lakes containing several species of
fish, especially the
golden
there facebook boy also to fiddle
on Facebook, it's not Joseph in either
in the balls any time can
sink to the side in the average of the lakes can
having a large structure has one more
fisherman lake in question of a fisherman
that comes with the family has nothing
have a snack bar are building
here you have absolutely nothing against
a window and there the third that is little
visited by fishermen because this
question of structure that people
believe that pt has enough
on behalf of the government corn is the owner of
fisherman is coming to collect the money
and then I'll show you the fish for you
get lost and already left at 10 prefer
in the morning that's the head first
Money, we wait until the afternoon.
got a five six piece said hugs
fishermen would once again fish for
still only have two agent was taken mothers
but hit 14 that left Friday
suck on the couple and bahiano
and Vilson would fish and sit there did not catch
nothing at home, a house on the street
It was very practical, I ask that Pepe